Drug Runners and  a U.S. Senator have something to do with the Murder http://www.amazon.com/Circumstantial-Evidence-Getting-Florida-Bozarth-ebook/dp/B004FPZ452/ref=pd_rhf_p_t_1 The State Attorney Knows... NOW So Will You. GET Ypur Copy TODAY
Heres a single, to add, to Kindle. Just read this 19th century story: "The Ghost of Round Island". Its about a man (French/American Indian) and his dog sled transporting a woman across the ice, from Mackinac Island to Cheboygan - and the ghost that...
If you tire of Non-Fiction.. Check out http://www.amazon.com/s/ref=nb_sb_noss?url=search-alias%3Daps&field-keywords=danielle+lee+zwissler+&x=0&y=0
"Ghost of Round Island" is supposedly nonfiction.
Why is Barnes and Nobles version of the Kindle so much more expensive than the Kindle?
@Maria:  Do you mean the Nook?  Be careful, books you buy for the Kindle are for that piece of electronics, and vice versa.  I love my Kindle, there are people that swear by the Nook.  They like the color screen.Me?  I want an ereader that is a reader-- so I dont need color.  The kindle battery lasts longer, and the unit isnt as heavy, which can make a difference after reading for a few hours. :)
kindle is awesome! mines great
I love mine!!!!
Meh. I think Singles are a bad idea. Big name authors already dominate the market by a huge factor. Now you are letting them compete on price point with indie authors (albeit giving less content for the money).
My daugjhter loves hers!
I am not sure if i just got my update but now i dont have location numbers unless i press the menu button.  But i also dont have page numbers! Am i doing something wrong?
Got a Kindle for Xmas and I love it.   Never was much of a book reader, but this has been fun.  I am on my 5th book since Christmas!
I dont have the patience for kindle singles. If Im gonna read, I need at least 200 pages.
Love the new singles ~ am reading Jodi Picoults right now while waiting till Tuesday for her new book to come out!
Not a fan of Kindle Singles.  They clog up the Kindle Book page and its tough to sort through full-legnth new releases because there are so, so many Singles there.
Best thing since sliced bread.
we love our kindles......
can anybody tell me if the FREE chapters of TICK TOC by Patterson are a summary of each chapter or the real deal....my kindle jumps 5-10 % of read with each page I read and I have real big text...thank you!
Love  my kindle, too!  Also enoyed the New York Times article...thought provoking as well kindle loving.
Yeah once u get a kindle its hard to put it down sumtimes because there r so many books to choose from I luv mine as well
What is a single?
anyone know how to legthen the time before the kindle go into screen saver mood????????
LOVE my Kindle..not sure if I got the update or not, though because I dont see any difference when I read. Color? I dont need color to read so Kindle is perfect. And Singles, Ive read a few, not  really a fan or not oen way or another..I just like to read so I read whatever looks interesting at the time. Did I say....LOVE my Kindle? I sure do!!
Its just too bad you arent offering these for the Original Kindle.  Seems like those of us who got on your bandwagon first are just left in the dust.
love this kindle....
AND Then There IS www.amazon.com/Circumstantial-Evidence-Getting-Florida-Bozarth-ebook/dp/B004FPZ452/ref=pd_rhf_p_t_1  CAN You Solve this Mystery.  Get your Copy TODAY on Amazon for Kindle
you arent missing a thing, I tried this game and it sucks!
I have a couple games on my kindle...only problem is my family seems to think I put them on there for them...
why dont you make it free? Its not all about money you know...
So let me get this straight...Kindle is now a gaming device?  Dont jump the shark Kindle...please dont!
True Anders...although they are in it for the money:) Otherwise they wouldnt be in existence.
Can we play these games on the kindle app on ipad?
Mr. Meisch, its ok; calm down :-P. Yes, they have games but the ones that I have tried (I have about 5 on my Kindle along with 30 gazillion books) are either text based or just simple time killers. So far they are actually decent (well, what Ive tried is anyway. Ive heard of some awful ones).I have the one they are touting here and its... ok. Not my favorite (try Triple Town; its addictive) but this one is decent enough. The beginning is too easy by far, the middle is good and the end levels are killer.
Is that right? Only the original Kindle? What about the 2nd generation?
They have free games also: blackjack, poker and word games.
I love Every Word and Video Poker. For when your not reading.
Are there any stand-alone interactive fiction (text adventure) games? I know there are some online ones but I dont have 3g and Id like to play away from wifi.
Kindle is a book... Stop making it into somthing its not...leave the games to other moble devices...
Has anyone developed any games for the 1st generation Kindle?  Im not going to get a new one just to play games...Even though I would like to have the option...
I play Triple Town its fun...if you dont want the games, dont get them!
I have a few games on my kindle and I enjoy them.  I also enjoy the fact that while traveling I dont have to take multiple devices in order to stay busy while on an airplane or riding in a car.
If you dont like the games, dont buy them. I have a few games and its fun to be able to play a few games when I dont feel like reading. Not all of us have those fancy schmancy smart phones.
How does the kindle having an "OPTION" to download and play games on it ruin the experience of your Kindle? Complaining about it doesnt make any sense.
Yes De ra you can get it on the iPad. I just bought it.
love playing games on my kindle.
Love triple town too 
Some people just love to complain about everything. Like someone said if you dont want the games dont get them. Duh!!!!
um,how how do you play this on the kindle?
got it and it is so much fun and very addicting
You can play it on the original. I just downloaded it for 99 cents
Its harder to play because you dont have color. Just pretend 
Some people may want games on their Kindle,thats fine, but i prefer to use my Kindle as a EReader.   Love My Kindle !!!!
I dont have color on my kindle..maybe I will wait for others to say how they like it.
OK I bit
kindle just 4 months old and went kaput!  wont turn on
Call customer service and they will replace it immediately no questions asked.
LOVE my Kindle....reading and I play Scrabble...love this thing:)
@Fitzwater Gale - No one has color on their Kindle.
Sure do LOVE my KINDLE!
I love my Kindle!!!
Best present ever... and I didnt even ask for one! My Mum knows me so well! <3
love my new 3G kindle too!!
me too!  I love my kindle!
old school kindle 4 life
My kindle is one of my most prized possessions
:))
My Beloved
I got one for my birthday and I just <3 it!!!! Its awesome, I can put all my books into it....btw, does anyone know how to get books onto your Kindle that you have previously bought in paper??????
I love my favorite thing, my Kindle
LOVE, LOVE my Kindle. It is so easy and convenient to take with me everywhere.  ♥
my husband bought me one i use it daily it is awesome words can say it
I love my kindle!
Love my kindle too!
Just wish I had more time to read for pleasure..not just for school
i think you have the beginning to a great country song!
Each day I like my Kindle more than the day before.   I am a total fan.
Clara not all books can be gotten on kindle but you can check them out on Amazon.
No loosing my bookmarks again !! My kindles the only thing i allow In my bed at night :) !!
I stay up reading now til my eyes just wont stay open! <3 my kindle!
@Cara Bolton. Unfortunately, you have to re-purchase them, which I just did yesterday with three books. I figure, its worth the investment. :)
I love every minute I spend with my new friend, MY Kindle.  I read myself to sleep every night.  Love the beautiful red leather lighted cover!  I NEVER leave home w/o it!
If it werent for all the typ0s, spelling errors, missingspaces and stuff in every single book (no matter what price) my Kindle would be the best thing ever!!
would love a program to allow us to sell back read books and or games for a kindle credit. how about it!
would love a program to allow us to sell back read books and or games for a kindle credit. how about it!
Just dropped my quality medical mystery to 99 cents for kindle just to show that price has nothing to do with quality writing. Title is Floaters, not to be confused with Joe Konraths or Joe Waumgauhs Floaters.
iPad + Kindle app = AWESOME!
I really like the Kindle. Difficult to write sentences and use some word games due to the tiny letters. Overall, the Kindle is wonderful.
i love mine enough to marry the dam thing
Some day I may have one then I would be more than happy to think or even compose a "song"....till then...............whawha
Me too!!!  I love my Kindle!!!
i love mine - thanks margie
just love it!!
Thanks @John Zaffino
I have loved my kindle ever since I first was given mine almost 2 yrs ago now :)
love my kindle best thing invented
Love my Kindle! Best thing ever!!!
Agree with all the above - LOVE MY Kindle 3G!  :)
I bought Kindles for 2 sisters who love to read. They were so excited. Shortly afterwards a friend bought me a Kindle. I now know what the rave is all about. I havent put it down. And getting books are easier than going to bookstores; and cheaper. Thx
Love my kindle !
I love, love, my Kindle...my only caveats....I miss the wonderful artwork on the covers of paperbacks..and photos in magazines..and I love to share my books with others, so I cant loan any to my young adult kids and friends..bummer..and how many can you archive? I like to re-read some of my books.
I love my Kindle - it is a must have
I love love love my Kindle!!
I love mine too.
I love my Kindle.  I have had it for several years.  I asked them at Staples how you go about upgrading my Kindle but they had no clue.
I want a Kindle soooo badly! Ive got in on my b-day "want" list :)
This site is so helpful. I got my books into categories. I have to figure out how to highlight to check a word in the dictionary. 
Kindles rule , they should have them in school , theyre so cool,lalala,A Kindle read is better than speed, lalala! Ok, Im guessing I fail as a songwriter! Ill stick to reading on my Kindle!
i bet theres a book to download for that...
Yesterday / When my Kindle seemed so far away ...
Suddenly / Waiting time is half of what it used to be
I love my kindle also but I do have one problem. My favorite authors are John Saul, Robin Cook and Patricia Cornwell but I cant ever find them on the free list. :(
Love, love, love, my Kindle!!
Took my Kindle with me on our 10 day cruise Awesome!!!!
I have a Kindle. Dont you want one too?If you get a kindle, Ill share my books with you!
I love my kindle thanks honey
My husband tells me that my Kindle is my true love!
Best present i ever got was my kindle!! the battery lasts for months!!
I lovingly refer to my Kindle as my "Crackle" because its so addictive!
@Cara if you have the time and dont want to pay the extra you can scan your all books into caliber (an open format program) and convert them into mobi files. Is really better to just repurchase (since it is faster) but for short stuFf and college papers.  I love scanning them and converting the file.  You must scanned in as a PDF the use caliber for the conversion.
One of the BEST gifts I have ever received.
"I love my little Kindle,My electronic book. Id rather have a KindleThan a S*ny or a N**k"
not to many Men ?????????
I just ordered a waterproof cover! Yay!
Got a kindle for my birthday from my wife and have read so much since. Great for waiting rooms at doctors offices, snatches of time just about anywhere. Very handy device. I Finally have something to look forward to at the beach this summer.
Anyone know what "EVERY WORD" is..and is it free?
I downloaded some awesome freebooks today
Received mine for Christmas.. I have rediscovered reading.. Thank you Kindle, thank you Amazon. 
@Robert Walker, I just purchased your book and put the rest of the series on my wish list.  Love a good mystery!  Thanks.
If prices dont go back down, the love affair is OVER.
Thank you!!!
Best thing ever invented
Rose, I downloaded Every Word onto my Kindle. It was free then, about 6 months ago. It is a fun wordgame, if you like word games. It gives you 6-7 letters per level and you try to make as many words as you can. They place the words that you have come up with in alphabetical order so you can see what you might be missing.  I like it.
How about lending or access to the local library?
How about lending or access to the local library?
My favorite thing about my Kindle is that I can play Scrabble to my hearts content!
Your funny Joyce!
Ok Robert Walker send your book!
Why can I not get Water for Elephants on my Kindle in Canada?????
It is my strange addiction!  I cant put it down.
I love my kindle.  I take it with me so many places.  The best is having it with while shopping with my wife! So handy.
I read and read and read because of my Amazon Kindle, love love love it.
Thank you robert walker
I should have signed Phyllis, the Kindle was a gift to Peter from our daughters for his birthday in Oct. I read the first book and havent stopped since. My husband said my wife perfers to go to bed with her Kindle instead of me he he. Phyllis
Me too, me too! I LOVE mine, wouldnt want to read without it!
I just bought that book and 2 more of your books
Love mine so much I just bought another one for my husband so that I can have my own all to myself.  I use it for many, many things other than e-book reading, although it excels at that.
I love my Kindle, and its not even one of the new ones!  Just love to read anything anywhere...
Love my Kindle, and am enjoying reading Alice in Wonderland with my Granddaughters
I know what took it so long?
Me too!
Me too!
I treasure my kindle it has brought me so much joy. The best thing ever..........
Library access, please and thank you!
Love love love my kindle! It has made reading psych articles for dissertation much more convenient. I have also rediscovered that I like reading books for pleasure - who knew?
I do know how to do that!
Andy Angel I love your little jingle!
RoseI am so addicted to "every word"! Love it!  It was free when I downloaded it!
Me and my Kindle strolling down the avenue =o)
song????  Only slightly plagarized.....Kindle, I think I love you, so what was I so afraid of, you only want to make me happy, so if you say, hey, go away I will, but I think better still I better stay around and love you.  do you think I have a case?  let me ask you to your face?  do you think you love me?  I THINK I LOVE YOU!
I was having a problem with my Kindle, where it kept freezing up on me. I mean every time I went to read, I had to defreeze it. I was starting to get worried - was I going to have to deal with this or did I have a defected Kindle. So I finally called for help again - I wanted to enjoy my reading time. I explained my problem, and sure enough, there was a problem - it was the type of cover I purchased, I guess it messes it up somehow. So they kindly refunded my purchase and I bought a different one and it was the best fix ever. I no longer have any problems - I truly love my Kindle.
My kindle was a late Christmas gift to myself. I truly believe is the greatest invention since peanut butter. Not overly complicated or overly pretentious. Sexy in its simplicity, elegant in its usefulness. I love my kindle
My kindle froze and when I rebooted everything in my archives was gone. Is that a problem from that last update? :(
I LOVE my Kindle!! Easy to read and take anywhere!! I have read some really great books lately! Right now reading Kelly Cutrones book! Love it!!
Love love my Kindle !!! Never never leave home without it. 
I like my kindle!!!!
I <3 my Kindle! Thank u Santa!
I bought myself a kindle for Christmas . I bought 2 books, the other are free ones  and I have 41 books .   Love it
I love my kindle, the ability to change fonts, look up words in the dictionary, make notes and did I mention my favorite, text to speech for my 1 hour commute.  I dont have to put my book down, I just let it read to me.  I LOVE IT!!!!!
My Kindle is GREAT at the gym. Set the treadmill for one hour, turn on my Kindle and before I know it, times up! Its the best!
My Kindle was a Christmas gift from my daughters and their husbands. I LOVE it!!! I take it everywhere. Its so much easier to always have with me than a book. I have arthritis in my hands and the Kindle does not hurt them when I hold it. I can lay it down to read and the pages dont flop open:) Im reading a greater variety of books and enjoy the Word Search game. Plan to get Scrabble soon. Its one of the best gifts Ive received!! I really appreciate the updates and instructions posted on fb.
Love my Kindle!! One of the best gifts Ive received!!!!!
I love my Kindle. Thank you Stephanie. BEST gift ever!!
I never could have anticipated how much I would love my Kindle!
@Kathy..ty for the response..Ill look into it:)
I love my Kindle so much, I snuggle with it every night.
I have the 2nd generation but am thinking of getting the new one. Thoughts???
kindle in the waiting room at the docs office,kindle in the waiting room at the pharmacy, surrounded by nooks and kindles in waiting rooms these days. soooo convenient
Im gonna gag. 
Id like to teach the world to read, the perfect work of words, and ..., ..., ..., .....
After buying our first Kindle about a year ago, we now have three in the family. Definitely the way to go for those who enjoy reading. Save the forests, buy a Kindle!
I love my Kindle! Thanks Julie for giving it to me! My best ever gift!!!I love the free books that are available and I love the recommendations based on your book purchases! I take  my Kindle everywhere and I especially love it for traveling and holidays! Give a Kindle to someone you love or encourage a child to read more by giving them a Kindle! It will get them excited about reading!
l would so like to share the books ive purchased with my friends....
How do you download and play games on Kindle? I didnt know you could do this!
can someone tell me.when you use the web...is it in color like the nook??
louise - you buy them from the amazon store. Theyre currently only available in the us which leaves the rest of the world waiting
No
How do we lobby for cheaper ebooks? Saw new book advertised yesterday at train station for £3.49 in a shop and went to Kindle store and it was £9.99! Quite a difference......
I order this week and am SO excited. Spent weeks picking out my cover choices etc.
Well thats not fair! Come on Amazon - the rest of the world wants to play games too!
:) I did write a song :) I love my kindle! Lol
My wife got me the Kindle dx for Valentines since I read a lot..I just love it, where ever I go it goes with me.I warp into another world as I start reading..n Kindle really doesnt get in the way!! Totally floored..:)
One of our local schools in the County is looking into using Kindles in the classroom for every student! WOW! They say it would be cheaper than expensive Textbooks and could save money!
I carry my Kindly in my purse next to my cell phone.  Would not be without it.  It is the best gadget I ever owned (second to it is my Keurig coffee maker).  K and K, Kindle and coffee, what could be better.
Lets all try to persuade Kindle to allow us to download snooks from our local Libraries.   Your Library may not provide this facility now but it will, I believe, very soon.   Be prepared.   Meanwhile check out the Overdrive Media Console app.   With this you can access your Library and download snooks and audio books to your iPod touch/pad/phone etc.   I still prefer my Kindle so come on Kindle, be good to us!
ebooks not snooks.
And then you could download it to your Kindle and listen to it!
I would love to love a Kindle but it needs to be library ebook friendly first :(
I like my Kindle but miss having a backlight so I can read in the dark. Also, I use my eyes all day at a computer so lately Ive been doing a lot more audio books on my smartphone.
I love my Kindle. I have the K2 but thinking about upgrading to the new model. .
I love it because the Kindle has made it easy for me to always have a book to read, and has allowed me to self-publish too!
My kindles screen has disappeared actually only the top half. I miss it dearly> (
It happened right after the update>
Love my kindle! Big entertainment in a little package!!! Thanks!<3
Read on my kindle. Thats what I do.
I love my kindle.  Being full time RVers its a must, its the only way to travel and read without having books everywhere.  Anyone who travel in a motorhome knows there isnt  a whole lot of room for books.  My kindle is the best.
I love my Kindle but hope one day soon I can upgrade to a color version so I can download magazines in all their glory.  I also love all the games (some free and some very reasonably priced) that I can play when I am not reading.  I still buy a few paper books but the Kindle is so much easier to read in bed.
Best thing since slice bread!!! LOL
♫ I love my Kindle...my only Kindle...it makes me happy... when skies are grey...I read more often... now that I have it...please dont take my Kindle away!... TaDa!
Wherever I go my Kindle goes with mne..Im so happy my daughter introduced me to it.
I LOVE my Kindle! Were a family of 6 who are worldschooling and travelling slowly around the world since Oct10.  The BEST investment for our travel lifestyle, and an essential travel gear! We have our travel guide books, homeschooling books, and novels with us in our Kindle. We use it more than twice a day. The only negative thing weve experienced is that we all have to wait to take our turn reading the Kindle....Well need to pick up another one this fall.
There are a lot of things in this world I could live without.  My Kindle doesnt happen to be one of them!
Kindle video poker - excellent! Its cutting in to my reading time:)
I love my Kindle! I wouldnt exchange it for anything in this world!
I love my Kindle! I not only read more but I also love the word search books for the Kindle.  I would never purchase another e-reader.
I so agree.  I just love my Kindle
Amazon should step up to the plate and do an update so public library books can be (borrowed) downloaded to the kindle. It would be nice to be able to get books from Nassau County Librays
I just read Madam Tussaud by Michelle Moran. Historical Fiction gebre. Excellent read!
I like the free stuff. Post more of that.
Love it because I can increase the font size and read while I am walking on the treadmill!
I finally read "A Tale of Two Cities; what a great read!
http://www.amazon.com/Sunny-Rain-ebook/dp/B003ES5NYS/ref=sr_1_2?ie=UTF8&m=AG56TWVU5XWC2&s=books&qid=1295910892&sr=1-2
What happened to the authors names in the lists?  Not very useful to try to read the authors name from the thumbnail book cover.
Thanks for posting the lists. Read-a-palooza for me! Im getting some of them NOW =)
Love my Kindle, and dont even need my glasses on when I am reading..lol
Reading Medical Error.....more than half way through it and its great...and its FREE
Got my Kindle for Xmas and Ive read 12 bks already, mostly from the top 100 free list, love it. Just finished reading Stuck in the Middle, great read!
Love the free classics and open source textbooks!
Amazon Kindle supplies right here:http://www.babcockpublishing.com/ezbuy/index.htm#Kindle
99 cents gets you medical examiner novel FLOATERS....2.99 gets you historical thriller CHILDREN of SALEM....3.99 gets you TITANIC 2012 - Curse of RMS Titanic (historical & Science Fic. in one)
I love the free classics.  I forgot how good Treasure Island and White Fang were
Just received a new Kindle but I dont have wifi internet,and I still cant get the brand new router I bought to work. I have 1 little book on my Kindle that I downloaded,and that took me 30 minutes to try to get load into the Kindle. I would love to enjoy my Kindle as much as everyone else is,but it has not been as effortless for me as for them :(
I Love my Kindle. I like trying out the Free Books,  BUT, your Free Books selections are POOR!  And the Free Book Section is Not Updated Hourly!  I paid for my Kindle, So I do wish that the price of the Kindle books were reduced for Kindle owners!!!Kindle, How about a response to this.
How about reduced prices on kindle books , for Kindle Owners, say once a month!
@Linda there are other venues to find great free books if you look.
Love the Kindle best gift ever. Take it everywhere with me.  Love the free books also
I just got an iPhone4, and im loving the Kindle Store app and the alerts here....so convenient!
Best gift I ever gave myself! ; )
I have found a lot of good free Kindle books.  You have to check regularly; as some are only free for a very limited time, then back to regular price.  One thing I dont like is that Ive noticed that lately the Kindle purchase price is MORE EXPENSIVE than the actual book!  In that case, I will buy the real book.  Duh?
Leslie, download to your computer then connect the kindle via usb and copy the book from the computer into the documents folder on your kindle. Thats what I had to do out here in the boonies! Works great and you have an extra backup on your computer.
Perfect timing for this post, got a lot of snow coming and the power is sure to go out so I picked up 2 more books off the list....thanks
@Annette.  I agree.  It really makes me angry when the Kindle book is more than the actual book.  I refuse to buy either.  That is the ONLY problem that I have with Amazon.  It is something they should adjust immediately.
Too bad I cant open this link on my Kindle.
LOVE  LOVE LOVE my Kindle and the free books are great. Have never enjoyed reading so much.
I agree w/ Annette... I love my Kindle, am willing to pay for certain books but pretty bummed that often the Kindle edition is more expensive than the actual book! This doesnt make much sense & disappoints every time I notice it. Otherwise yes there are great resources for free books...
And my book: ALOHA RAINBOW.
Try The Hangmans Daughter !
Amazon does not control the price the publisher does and they need to make a certain amount per unit because contractually, everyone involved was promised a certain percentage per unit. Libraries still exist so if you dont like the price, go check it out for free. Also many librarys have free downloads to borrow on their websites.
Love love love my Kindle!!!!!!!!!
Still reading "Anna Karenina"...long,but good.
I do buy my fair share of paid Kindle books, but itd be nice if the Android and iPod Touch Kindle apps would let us browse the top FREE books from within the apps themselves.  Hope this is a coming upgrade.
I love my kindle and the free books are fantastic. Some I read as a teenager... and it is great to reread them as a mature adult. Especially when they are free!
Found some good freebies today... gotta love it... and love the Kindle!
Thanks for posting this! I found me 5 freebies!!!!
Just be careful if youre shopping in the "free" list.  Amazon has been slipping "paid" books in there (hoping youll get caught up in the shopping and "accidently" buy one you have to pay for?)  Still LOVE my Kindle!
Yay! Free books!  I got 8 of em!  Woo hoo!
Wow! Just downloaded 10 free books. Sweet!
checked it out last night - downloaded at least a dozen more titles!
Thanks for the link to free books!
I love this option!  Using it is how I have found all of my books, so far!
Me and my two young daughters all received kindles at Christmas! They read with them constantly!!! I so wish I could afford to buy each child in their 2nd & 4th grade class one!! It would also be an awesome fund raiser to raise money to purchase these for retirement homes!! I loved reading as a child and the kindle is an awesome way to spark kids interest in reading!
Alladin, duh
Love this feature!!!!!!
Love the kindle and it makes you want to read all the time:-) Also, if someone doesnt have wifi at home, go to local hotspot (every town has a coffee shop) and download a bunch of books at once. Or just go anywhere with wifi and start downloading..
I love free books!
Love the free books.  Im reading new authors whos books I have never read before!  I love my kindle!!
I accidentally downloaded a book that was in the free section but wasnt free. I called and it was removed immediately.  They were very apologetic and Im sure it was an oversight. I love my Kindle. 
Got 7 - luv free books!
could not get the new download to download....
Most public libraries lend e-books; however, the libraries format is NOT compatible with the Amazon Kindle.  Big bummer!
I know this is off topic but I cant say enough about the qualtity and helpfullness of Kindle support.
I read at least 3 books a week so the free books are wonderful.  If iI find it boring after a chapter or two, I delete it and get another.  Since it was free I dont feel bad about deleting.
I absolutely LOVE my Kindle
KINDLE KEEPS ROCKING, I KEEP READING.
Is there a buy back program for people to up-grade?  I was hoping to pick up a "gently used" kindle for my teenager.  She is starting to think reading is fun while reading Shakespeare and I want my kindle back!  
I love the kindle.. I dont know why I was fighting against getting one for so long.  My husband got it for me with the wifi and 3g so I can download more when I want.  I Love the free books.  I have downloaded roughly 90 books and only paid $7.00 total so far on books that were must haves.  I like having a variety so that if I am not that interested in a book I can choose another without going to the site.   I can always try that book again later.  This is fun.  I am reading again for the first time in a long long long time.  Thank you Kindle for finding a way that I can enjoy books now.  This coming from someone who never enjoyed any reading at all due to a mild case of dyslexia.
This is going to be dangerous to my credit card, isnt it?
@ Leslie Cyr - Leslie have you tried downloading via your USB cable? You should be able to do that. Right, Kindle Users?!  Shouldnt she be able to download via the USB whether she has WiFi or not? Book to>>computer>>Kindle.  Help a fellow Kindle user out! :)
Love my Kindle.  I have bought a lot of books and also downloaded quite a few free books.  My daughter has a Kindle and we did the lending a book option.  Not all your books on Kindle are lendable so you need the check.  Everyone keep reading.
Yep, its totally doable to download books to your computer than transfer to the Kindle via the USB cable.  People without wireless coverage have been doing it all along.  Directions are in the Kindle Users Guide.Also, folks who think Kindle book prices should be lower should talk to the publishers - theyre the ones who set the prices, especially the higher ones (youll note that on many books its noted that "This price was set by the publisher").
Thnx for this post I just downloaded 12 new books for free! I love my Kindle my best travel companion :))
I love the old Classics (especially the FREE download).  Just finished reading The Count of Monte Cristo and now into Uncle Toms Cabin.  Hooray for Kindle!
Love my kindle, my children got me this for my birthday last year.
My hubby got me a kindle and I love it!!.  I can read books, magazines, etc..If you love to read this is definately something you should look into.
Thanks.  Just downloaded 23 books.  That will keep me busy for a while.  LOL
I love kindle and love Nook color and bw nook. I enjoy 3 of them.
In order for this to be really useful to me, you need to give me a way to sort for similar tastes, like Netflix does, for instance.  Popular does not impress me.
i am reading aesop fables
@ Leslie, try going to a Starbucks or Panera Bread where wifi is free. Go to menu button and make sure wifi is turned on. Now go to shop kindle book store or NY times best sellers and start enjoying your kindle like the rest of us. Also you can type in your own selection. Hope this helps. Good Luck
After less than a year we are addicted to our Kindles.  We each have one so we sometimes trade.  We have read 87 books since we started.  We  dont have TV in our bedroom and go to bed at 9:00 and read til 11:00.  It is so easy to hold and easy to order new books and read immediately.  Easy to transport. Wonderful!
Thank you!
Nice work Phyllis, you beat the absolute clown who posts spam on every Facebook page!
Sent!
Now, if we could just have collections inside of collections, I would be ecstatic!
I love this collection feature. I use it and really does help me find things quickly.
Do you know how to put an item back into archives and get it off the Droid?  I cant find this info anywhere.  :(
Now thats a great tip! Ive picked some books that were bloody awful which I was hoping to never catch sight of again!
Thank you. I wondered about this but was too lazy to research the answer!
To read epub books for nook etc just download calibre free ebook management program online to your PC which will convert them to mobi or tzw for kindle. ..(Blaine Z. Author of "The Gaines Agenda" and "Weight Loss on your Nook or Kindle " available on nook.com
THANK YOU! Finally.
THANK YOU   I have been wondering how to do this!
omg, im 12,and i flippin adore my kindle!!!<3 <3 <3 <3
I use this feature, have a collection of classics I read with my homeschool students, and one for different genres just for myself.  Keeps me down to 2 pages rather than 18 or so.
I am glad to finally know how to do this!
Thanks for that tip, I knew there HAD to be a way to do it but I was at a loss as to how.
I have moved things to a collection but they still show as individual items too.  Am I missing something?  I would like to house my stuff in collections not both.
@Ginger KL: that would be GREAT :D
Melodie - how are you moving them? Do you use the 5-way thing to hilite "add to collection" and then choose the collection? Thats the way I do it and the book always disappears from home and only appears in the collection.
Anyone know how to remove a free sample permanently?  Lets just say Im glad I got the sample.
I have the same issue as Melodie...
@Melodie - at the top of your screen, you need to tell it to sort by collections.  Not by author, or most recent, or whatever.
@ Frances - you should be able to click left when its highlighted and that should give you the option to delete.
I have a similar wish to Ginger. Id like to be able to put books into more than one collection. eg - Jane Eyre would be in Classic Novels, and Favourites.
Thanks!
Janice - You can do that.  You just cant have collections inside of collections.  But you can send a book to as many collections as you like.
Janice - You can do that.  You just cant have collections inside of collections.  But you can send a book to as many collections as you like.
@Ann - to remove from my droid I just press and hold on the book title until a box opens and it will have some options.  One is to remove from device.  Hope this helps you!
I have trouble getting things back into archive. Anyone know if I can keep both Kindles linked to the same Amazon account, but only have books go to one of them and not archive in the other? I want to get some stuff that my 14 year old son doesnt want/need in his archive and vice versa.
Any idea how to put a nook on the kindle from my computer? I have one on a disc into the computer and want to put on my kindle. How?? 
Wish I could manage collections from Manage My Kindle and from Kindle for PC.
Finally!  Thanks!
AND Remember to Get  The Real Life Crime Mystery  www.amazon.com/Circumstantial-Evidence-Getting-Florida-Bozarth-ebook/dp/B004FPZ452/ref=pd_rhf_p_t_1 Learn what a U.S. Senator has to do with Drug Runners, and an x-Miami Beach Cop...  The State Attorney Knows... NOW So Will YOU
Can I have a collection of collections ? May be I should try it myself first ?
I would just like to know how to put books I have already read into the archives. I read the instruction guide but could not find that. 
- Home page by CollectionUse your five way button move the cursor to the top of you home screen hit the right directional button and sort your Home page by Collection.  This will allow your Kindle to only display your books once (Collections & books on Home page).  When you enter a collection you will only be shown the books in that collection.
Thank you for these tips!  As a novice user  they are appreciated.
and what if the book you want to perm delete doesnt show up in "your orders"?  anyone else have this issue?
Great.
Thank you for these tips
- Karen, Im guessing you mean book and not nook.  The nook and the Kindle dont interface.For a book, use your USB cable that came with the Kindle and attach it to you computer and reader.  Assuming here that you have a PC go to My Computer folder on your desktop and you should see a Kindle icon as if it was a USB flash drive or some other type of attached device.  Select the Kindle supported file(s) you have in your PC and drop them on the icon.  The files are now on your Kindle.
The big question is, how do I get rid of the samples once Ive bought the book?
The nook :(       the kindle :)
My Kindle is charged, but when I try to turn it on the green light comes on for a few seconds but will not come on. I just got this in Sept. New edition Kindle.
Thanks,  I was wondering!
I LOVE this!! Thank you.
but how do I put into the archives when I am done reading?  no one has been able to answer me that.
I LOVE MY KINDLE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
But what about Kindle content that no longer shows up in "your orders" because they were purchased so long ago??? I want to delete some of those books.  Please advise. Thank you. 
@Sarah, if you highlight the title and then click to the right, one of the options will be "remove from this device".  That puts it in archives.  @Traepischke , highlight the title of the sample and then click to the right and choose "delete"
Yes! I love the create a collection feature. It makes it easier to find your books. Plus you can keep up better with what you have read if you have books iin all types of categories.
How come this Does Not work for ALL books?  I still have 5 stuck on my kindle in Arcives grrrr
@Theri I have the same problem and cant figure it out either. The older books are archived but are not listed anywhere when I go online to manage your kindle. They do not show up at all. 
To delete a sample after purchasing the book:  highlight the sample on the Home page, rift select with the 5-way and select delete.  This permanently deleted the sample.
Thank God!
OMG! I just had a friend do this for me because I didnt have time to look it up. Kinda scary... are you monitoring me Kindle? Are you going to rule the world through mind reading? ;-) Im calling for govt restrictions here *tongue-in-cheek* Im really tired...
Thanks.  Ive been wondering about how to do that...
My kindle just received some type of update. Anyone know what this is?
I wanna know how to move something TO the archived items....???
thanks for the tip  i know there had to be way
doesnt work on all files...
Is it possible to have Amazon e-mail these tips to us?  It sure would be a help to me. :-)
Im glad they finally told us how to do this!
Yeah same problem here, it leaves some kind of link to the title you place in a collection, but I dont think two actual copies are stored, but access to same book via main menu and the collection you really wish it would show up and no where else!! : )  still love ya, Kindle!  ; )
I think it would be helpful if we could create our collections in Manage Your Kindle......then as we purchases them, we can move them into their correct collection.....
LOVE MY KINDLE!!
I would like to be able to sub-categorize my collections. Also is there a way to search for only kindle audio books in the store? I would like to try an audio book on my kindle.
Fml I never knew what collections were for.  And I actually read the while PDF on my kindle, lol
If youve deleted a book through the Manage Your Kindle page and its still in your Archives, its probably because you havent turned on wireless since you deleted.  Your Kindle wont know its been permanently deleted until it can "talk to the mothership".
is there any way to alphabetize the collections on my Kindle? that would sure make searching easy!
Cant believe how much I love my Kindle!!
how about when you delete from "Manage your kindle" and they still show up on the kindle???  I called Amazon this week - tech had no clue - deregistered my kindle and re-registered - told me hed look into it and call me back - its been almost a week - no call or anything.  I LOVE my Kindle, but its annoying to want something gone and cant get rid of it.
I saw the other day on FB we were to get a download when it went into sleep mode  -  if I did - no clue as to how/what or where.
Does anyone still read the original Kindle?  I still really like mine although I dont think I can play games on it.  Thats what the computer is for!
My Kindle just got the upgrade, yippee! Page numbers at last!
to Janice, you should have received an email about the update with a link to detailed instructions.
Lori W.M. - Ive had this problem too!  I deleted titles from "Manage your Kindle" and not only did they continue to show up in my archived items, still available to download, but when I purchased a new Kindle, the deleted title showed up in my archives there too!  When I installed Kindle for PC, the deleted title again showed up in my archives.  The deleted title is no longer showing in "Manage your Kindle" but it wont go away from my archives!  Yuck!  Am I stuck forever with a bad story that I would rather forget?
Nice, but will it help us download ebooks from other sources?  Mainers are still waiting for Kindle to adopt the technology that others have so people can download books through the state library website.  Hey, Amazon, Im a public library director and even though I love my Kindle, Im buying 2 or 3 Nooks next week for my library....no Kindles.  Sorry!
That deletes it from the account too? :| I was just trying to get rid of stuff from the device.. Crap.
- Janice  To see what version of the operating system that your Kindle has on it go to your Home screen, press the Menu button, select System, at the bottom right you will see the version number.  It will be something like 3.0.2 (xxxxxxx).  If your Kindle has the new OS it will read 3.1
Agreed collections contain books, but the books are also contained outside of the collection folders, what then is the point of making a collection in the first place.  
- Robyn CombsIf you look at the bottom of your Kindle there is a small hole.  This is a microphone, it is mentioned in the Users Manual.  Ill let you figure out the rest of the answer to your question.
I have many collection folders. Fav authors, classics, free downloads to try, books Reading, books read and info books. Its a lot easier to locate your books.To make a collection high light book then use the square button and press right side to move sideways. Then make a collection. Hope this helps 
Thank you so much for the very helpful instructions you post. I am learning more about my Kindle every time I read a post.
Thank you for your explanation of Kindle.  I understood it. To Mr Joseph
I love my Kindle, but I really wish there was a way to manage my collections from the PC - its very tedious and time-consuming fiddling around with the buttons on the Kindle itself.
I also have the same problem of deleted books still showing up in the archived items....and I have had my Kindle turned on wi-fi since they were deleted.
1 is a sample No I dont want the book!  The others were free books I dont want. YES I had my WiFi on!  I tried EVERYTING to get rid of these books!
Thanks - this is a great tip!
Thanks, thats just what Id been trying to find out how to do.
Sabah Farheen Hasan,  you have your books in the wrong order.  If you go to the home page and with the five way go up to the very top it will come up and say "Title, Author, Collections and Most Recent First", if you put the highlight under Collections then the books will only show up in the collections.  Hope that helps!!!
Love this feature as I read so many different types of books. I have crochete, cook books, self help, samples to be read, etc. Kindle just keeps getting better. I have two.
it is sooooo awesome.
To the person who wanted audio books, you have already got them.  If you are in your book and you push the change font button it will show you a few different things and one of those things is called "text to speech" , most of our books are enabled to have this all you have to do is turn it on!! Hope I didnt just confuse you more!!!
? how to move something to the archived items list?
OK I did all this and the books r still in my Archive-I want them outa there -they r gone from my orders section on amazon but still in my kindle -they didnt go away-Why??
So how do you delete a document you have sent to your kindle?
Why not just have a bin folder and put all unwanted books in there and dont look at them again after all the kindle holds 3500 books. Forget the ones you dont want and spend your time on the ones you do want 
One evening I forgot my Kindle at the office andI had to read one of my 1900 plus books. Do you believe that I needed two hands to turn the pages?
Helen that Sounds ok But who wants Clutter on their eReader....Not me!  Thanks all....even tho didnt work!
All of my books disappeared completely.  Is there a way to get them back?
All of my books disappeared completely.  Is there a way to get them back?
The Timbuk2 sleeves are great.
I <3 this sleeve. I have the green variant for my Kindle.
I MADE myself a cover  and it sure dint cost me 20 bucks!  An being that I am a HORSE person ,  it has horses  of course!
Ive got one of these and love it. Ive also got the green variant, Johnny.
@shirley, I thought you were gonna say it was made out of horse hair there for a second :-D
Still cant believe that I won this sleeve in the sweepstakes and received it in the mail within days. Thanks, Amazon.
a must have for your Kindle its a protected investment you kno i love it I am gonna get mine really soon waiting on my bonus check. soon Ill be enjoying it been researching this. I think the Kindle is the best out there period. Cant wait I will be seeing Amazon soon thanks you rock
I also made my own cover and it has bright flower and polka dots and everyone in the office wants me to make them one too.  Oh it didnt cost very much either.
I got this case for my husbands K3 and he really likes it.
Nice... was looking to get a cover. Would buy Amazons, but am vegan, so dont want leather... thanks.
Does anyone know of a sleeve that can fit the Kindle latest generation with the Kindle lighted cover in it? I put it in my purse and crumbs or dirt can still get in or on the kindle!! Thanks!
I want 1!!!!!!!  <3
I have this as well ... and I just love it!
I have this cover and it works great. Loud when you open it though.
I have this one too.  Jeffs right -- it is loud, but its a great cover.
I use this; it works for me.  I throw it in my backpack.
very nice but since I have the Amazon Kindle app (awesome) on my EVO I wonder if it would fit that?? Hmm
I have it and the flap is too big. Kind of pricey.
Works great.  Looks great.
I wonder if amazon will give me credit for the cover I bought with my Kindle that makes it "glitchy"?
I have the nylon one and love it!  Doesnt seem too bulky; it still fits in the outside pocket of my purse.
I think $30 is about $20 too much.
I almost bought this one, but went with the M-Edge case and light that fits in the case.  Love it.
This is what I use... and LOVE IT.
This is the one I have. Love it!!
Why cant they makle a cover that is not reasonably priced.
i like it but with shipping its $60 not paying that!!
I have the BUILT Nuprene and its a amazing, I didnt want a zipper to scratch the kindle, and i didnt want velcro cause it makes too much noise and eventually they get old and dont work that well...This is the best thing since sliced bread!
Just buy a Belkin.  Its the same thing, but with a zipper.  I bought mine at Target for around $20.
I have this one!  Violet and Barley.  Love it!
Love mine! Worth the money.
@David Noooo kidding.  You would think that competition would bring the price down to earth.
LOVE MINE!!!!
nice of you to promote other peoples cases
I have one and love it!!  Mine is in the camaflage tones though with pink binding   -  easy to spot when I put it down!
The kindle used to come with a free case...just sayin.
I love all things Timbuk2. Own several bags, including a Kindle sleeve.
My Kindle Timbuk 2 sleeve only came to $24 w/shipping.  ??  It is perfect - padded and just what I wanted.
I can probably sew one of these! Thanks for the idea!
whats wrong with Amazons Own cover??
This is a great sleeve.
My sister sewed me a Kindle sleeve much cuter (and cheaper) than this.
No offense but all the sleeves for this product are a bit ugly.   Cant beat my lighted green leather case!
I love mine!
Was trying to manually download updates and had to call your service for help! The guy was inpatient-bordering on rude, could NOT understand him! I told him I was having trouble understanding what he was saying! I finally got the problem solved but next time I will hang up until I get someone that speaks ENGLISH!!
I bought one a few months ago and LOVE it! I feel safe just tossing it into my backpack with all my textbooks, and Im confident my Kindle is protected. :) Great product!
Im intrigued I must say... I already have a case but this might be a good backup for rainy days.
I won one of these and its really nice!  Too bad I actually own a 2nd generation Kindle that wont fit in it.
Ive had the black version of the sleeve for about 14 mos. Love it. I dropped the sleeve with Kindle in it in the water while boarding our sailboat. It floated, and when it was fished out after about 4 min., it was bone dry inside!
Amen. Same thing happened to me twice. If I wanted to speak another language I would move. Its aggravating when something is not working, then to have to try to understand someone else try to explain how to fix it, not speak English. 
Amen. Same thing happened to me twice. If I wanted to speak another language I would move. Its aggravating when something is not working, then to have to try to understand someone else try to explain how to fix it, not speak English. 
Have and love mine.  I much prefer reading naked (without the book like cover)
already have it and love it!
Send me 1!!!
@ Hayley Green- I put my Kindle lighted cover inside my Vera Bradley eBook cover.  I have a black Amazon lighted and want a different color but Im waiting for them to go on sale (hint, hint Amazon!) I wanted something colorful on the outside. I look at it as extra protection from bangs and bumps.
already have this one! love it
Love mine, its awesome!
I bought my hubby a kindle, and this is the holder he got for it.  Its great!
I use the BUILT sleeve - no snaps, no zippers, no bulk.  Perfect.  JH
love that Timbuk2 I got for my kindle!
I have one and dig it.
I have one also...the red and dark grey one...I love it
Can not buy it in Canada?
I love mine. The only thing is that when I bought it, they did not have much to choose from and I had to choose the "the less ugly" of the collection. But it is the best protection and it is not bulky. It fits in any of the purses I use perfectly.
I love my Timbuk2 Case. I have it in black!
This is the Timbuk2 case I purchased for my Kindle :) and I <3 the case and my Kindle :)
ok...  how do I get rid of this now?  No idea how it got there, no idea how to remove it.  Im not an advert!
Please remove. From my facebook thx
I have one and love it
Just ordered mine!
What about a reasonably priced one for those of us with a 2nd generation Kindle.....come on guys!!
I bought the red/gray/black one of these for my K3. Love it except for one thing: you have to take the Kindle out to charge it or read. Otherwise, its a great cover.
I have a leather cover that I got for $20 and it came with a funky printed skin and a screen protector at no charge. Love it. $24 with shipping. 
I have one from Gizmo Dorks & I love it!!!
I love mine!
I love mine!
I much prefer the protective hard cover with the pull-out light in the corner.
i like the covers that look like a book
I have the larger version for the DX - the one major complaint is that the velcro is a bit loud when opening.  Otherwise, its great.
Got mine.  Love it.
I like my case with the built-in light. Its so great for reading in bed at night.
I got one! Pink with camo!! Yeah baby. =) Very light and cute. Love it.
I have this sleeve and I am very happy with it. Because of the memory foam padding and the nylon water shedding material, a person would have to actually work to damage the Kindle inside. I prefer to use a sleeve because I read my Kindle when it is naked.
This is so much superior to the Kindle leather case with the band that I bought in September for 39.99.  The band lasted about two months, got loose then finally fell off.   bought this for mine and my sons kindle and its much better.   Re: help from amazon kindle, I always email and i have an answer usually within a few hours.  thats the way to go.  so far completely satisfied with customer service if i email.
Own this. Live it
I love my Timbuk2.It even fits in my purse just perfect.
I bought the Timbuk2 when I got my Kindle3! I love it! Fits really nice in my purse! I just did not like to keep my Kindle in a case to read... defeats the light weight. It is a very nice case!
Great case! Very well made, and protects well. 
I love mine.
I have 3 covers - dress kindle to match my purse!
I have the green/gray one and love it!
but are they made in America?
If you dont want to see these messages on your FB wall, go back to the Amazon Kindle page, scroll down and click on "Unlike".  You have to do it yourself.
Ive got one for my Kindle2. They make great stuff!
Today I bought a Vera Bradley Ebook Sleeve for my Kindle at the gift shop where I work.  It is so beautiful, and it made me realize that my Kindle (which I love) needed a new suit.
I just bought the lime one!!!
Is anyone finding that Kindle doesnt like magnets? Like the kind that keep the flaps closed on my ipod and Blackberry cases? They cause my Kindle to reset itself or freeze. I wonder if their is a Kindle carrier that would provide more protection. Btw, my Kindle doesnt like static, either (...stupid down parka!)
Can not understand why we in Canada can not buy these book covers some dumb excuse about the boarder. Funny one can buy just about anything without any trouble. What the h gives.???
A friend just got me a "Tuf Luv" case for my Kindle! Read all about it! Stands the Kindle up in 3 positions so you can read it hands free! Neat!
These are great !!
love you kindle....
I LOVE this sleeve.  It fits in my purse, yet protects my kindle....  Nice looking too...
Are they coming out with one for the DX in the Kindle cover???
I saw patterns to sew your own on Clotildes website.
Ive read some reviews that state the binding can be an issue...and to be honest the accessories for Kindles are just too expensive!
$24.99 for a fabric sleeve??? This should be $10. I bet these cost $1 to make if not less.
Have a Timbuk 2 for my Kindle 2 and have been very glad.
I have one of these and love it!
Ive had this cover since October 2010 and have been very happy with it.  Protects it from all the other stuff in the to go purse!
I use a bubble wrap postage envelope, $0.79, though mine is repurposed and thus free!
Mine is awesome! I wouldnt have a Kindle without it.
I love my Timbuk2 sleeve for my Kindle.  Fits perfect in my Timbuk2 purse and goes with me everywhere.  It fell out of my SUV yesterday and was protected.  Yea!!
Anyone from South Africa who managed to get a cover for the Kindle 2 from Amazon?  Love the Timbuk2 camo/pink/camo cover but there seems to be a problem with getting it here to me :(
Excellent product!  I dont worry about tossing my Kindle into my bag with the Timbuk2 Envelope Sleeve.
Give me one please~
Why cant you ship these covers to B.C.?
OMG....I cant believe how much of a tool you are!
hehe
I do the same thing!!!! :)
I do that too.
Thats so awesome!!
Boo to Who Views Your Profile.
love MY KINDLE!
Your kindle specialists are a big help. One helped me with downloading new updates for my Kindle-Gen 2. Now it seems to be working a lot better. Thanks Jennifer E.
I love to read, but hate lugging a book around (mine are usually the BIG ones), hate losing my bookmark, losing my place in the reading, and forgetting to bring another book if Im about done with the current one! And, sometimes time restraints can make getting to the book store a hassle.Now that my sweetheart got me a Kindle, I dont have to worry about any of that anymore!! :) I LOVE IT!!!
Since Christmas day, I have read 23 books on my Kindle...
I have fibromyalgia and RA, so when I want to read before bed, I can grab my Kindle and read with no pain in my hands.
I have been a kindle user for many yr.  Have been stopped in restraunts and gave instructions on how it is used.  next thing i know that person has bought one.  I love my kindle.
I go and give platelets at the blood bank every two weeks, and I read my Kindle!!! It is my favorite thing in life!!!!
Totally relate to this post, Love my Kindle!!
Thats partly why we got ours! Expecting #2 in 5 weeks, and Im planning on reading one-handed while settling, breastfeeding, etc!
Me, too!
Did you get your update yet??
I love my Kindle.  I have some of the audio books so I can use it in the car.
I do that too 
I LOVE my kindle.  Absolute joy!  Have had tendonitis in my hand and it was painful to hold a book.  Now I can still enjoy reading and do it with one hand!
I agree completely!!! Happened just that way in my home today! :-)
I love the fact that it takes no effort to hold up my kindle, as compared to a 500-pg book, while laying in bed preparing for sleep. Its easily bookmarked and I know for sure my place is held until I wake Mr Kindle up! The print is so clear and my eyes dont get near as tired! I have returned to nightly reading after about 10 years on hold. THANK YOU, MR KINDLE!!
My Kindle is my new constant companion.  Love getting all the classics for free.
Good to see all of the positive posts..I just got mine yesterday. Was a bit bummed though, I wanted to purchase/DL a series of books and the 2nd one is not to be found...
I use mine while nursing at night with the built in light. It is great!
I use mine while nursing at night with the built in light. It is great!
sew did Charles Darwin, read his Autobiography, before Amazon uses all the HARDCOPY for Kindle
I wish I wouldve had mine when my baby was nursing; it wouldve made reading MUCH simpler and wouldve allowed me to do more than sit there completely bored when I was trying to minimize noise and keep it dark for middle-of-the-night feedings.
I do the same thing :)
i love my kindle.  i had to get a new purse to so my kindle fit.  now i can take it with me where ever.  I read on the elliptical on the recumbrant and while waiting for my kids at school.  I cant wait till Friday when i can use my kindle while waiting for our table to be ready at the resturant.  We are a 2 kindle house.  nice snuggling with my honey while we both read.
i cant even read all of my Amazon self-published book..... Amazon controls access The Drive of Progress in Man
I do this with my son all the time.
What built in light??? Thats my only complaint!! 
ME TOO!! With a twin in each arm :)
When Im fussy and unable to sleep (which, with stress, is often), I have my Kindle read to me! So much better than reading and putting down the book before Im truly ready to sleep.
I am still learning about my Kindle and deciding if I like it better than real books..
How come Nook geives its owner free Friday books?  How about it Kindle????
I would have loved to have had my kindle while nursing and rocking sick babies! I LOVE my Kindle and tell everyone about them!
Get a kindle, download books instead of buying them.....SAVE A TREE!
Love my kindle!  My 3 year old loves it too so santa brought her the vtech v reader and we hang out together reading our readers!
How can i make the contrast darker on my kindle?
This is the whole reason I bought my kindle! I can feed and soothe my son while reading! Well worth the investment!
Really wish they had thia out 7 1/2 years ago..LOL
I have been trying to figure out a way to read a book and walk on my treadmill.  Voila -- the Kindle makes it possible.  Now, if I read my Kindle while walking the time passes so quickly -- Im not ready to get off the treadmill so quickly, I always have to read one more page, then one more again and so on.
I did the samething with my Grandaughter
I love kindle..thinking of getting the larger size!
I love my kindle too
I LOVE my kindle. Just got my awesome case w/ built in light yesterday! Love that too. =)
I LOVE MY KINDLE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I adore my Kindle. But I think its a pity Amazon dont disclose at purchase time the fact that they are going to refuse to see kindle books to non-American customers. In my country this would be misleading and deceptive conduct.
those annoying babies just insisting on being held! how selfish of them.
Love it!! I can hold my.children and read!!! Had it since v day 2010...have read 94 books and.counting!!! It.goes everywhere with me!!
Love my kindle.  Fits in my purse and goes everywhere I go!
I do the same thing with my baby. Kindle saved my sanity as a new mom :)
Love my Kindle! I am reading Fifth Avenue. It was either free or 99cents. I have had my Kindle for 14 months. When I got it, the most expensive book was $9.99.  I did not mind paying that for favorite authors. I have 4 favorite authors coming out with new books this Spring and they are all $14.99. So, I will order these from my library. Ken folletts book came out this winter,$19.99. Seriously?? Ordered it from the library. I know this is the publishers and not Amazon. Netflicks says it will not mail out dvds starting in 2 years. I can see in time, Authors going directly to ebook formats and leaving publishers in the dust.
im not in American and can download books with no problems, and so can my friends
I love my kindle, but... why cant a person hold a fussy baby with a book?  Two kids, one who refused to sleep unless held, a good 10 years before the kindle.
Hard copy til the day I die. That way books I paid for wont disappear from my library on someones whim ;)I refuse to pay for things that I dont truly own.
I love reading my kindle and holding my favorite other thing in the whole wide world, my baby grandaughter Riley,  it is possible!
I can relate to this post : ) I actually took a picture of me reading my "vintage" first gen. kindle with my baby sleeping in my arms and a kitty on the armrest of the chair we were in :)
Thats the reason I bought my kindle. :)
I echo this statement. I thank god for kindle. I just wish it had a light
Me too!! Oh the joys of mommyhood ;-)
@Kellie, get the cover with built in book.  Works great.  I got the red leather.
I love my kindle.  Have had it for several years.  Can download quite a few free books
back in my day, I turned on music. Would have been glad to have had Kindles back then. LOL
You could have held her and read a book too.  But I do love my Kindle!
My son got me mine for my birthday.  I was reluctant at first because I am a huge words on the page fan.  Since I started using it, I cant put it down...on the treadmill, waiting in the dentists office, while watching tv...I love it and my son is thrilled because I told him its the best gift!
Dave, your old fashioned attitude is to your own detriment....but I guess thats your choice! Why are you making comment on this post - you have to like kindle in order to do so??? How strange!
@Kellie, built in book LIGHT!  Left the most important part out!
I read on my Kindle while donating blood platelets the other day.  I LOVE my new toy!
I love my kindle!
That is my new favorite thing about my Kindle.  I have read a lot in the 3 months since my son was born...wonderful!!!
I dont know why but I read faster with the kindle
My wife does the same, but with Nook and I with Kindle. :D
My wife does the same, but with Nook and I with Kindle. :D
Love my kindle!!!!
I ordered mine on Monday morning, cant wait!!
I never leave home without me Kindle. Never know when I might be stranded somewhere, or have a long wait. Great for buses too.
Thats what I do!!
Im in a love affair with my kindle. And I want to decorate him with skins!
I do that all the time :)
Marion, dont be jealous of nooks "Free Fridays".  I have a nook as well as my Kindle.  The Free Friday books are RARELY new free offerings, they almost always pick a book thats been free for a while already and spotlight it on Friday.  Those of us who seek out the freebies dont get all excited on Fridays.  On the whole Amazon offers a lot more freebies than B&N.
My kindle is a real keeper!
Yes, you can hold a paper book and a baby at the same time, but its a heck of a lot easier to hold & read a Kindle.
I wish I would have had one back in the day!!!
Does anyone know where I can enter to try to win a kindle,cant afford one,I really really really want a kindle!!!!
Yes me too.  I wish Id had a Kindle while I was flying solo on fussy baby nights.  :)
Nothing more perfect than a warm baby and warm snuggly baby.
One of these works great on a Kindle and lets you hold it at a convenient angle hands-free, for only a few bucks: http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B0045JNBNU
While flying today I held my friends sleeping baby in one arm and read with my kindle in the other. It makes turning the pages so much easier. 
While my kids watch Dora, I am indulging my Kindle fetish. I just LOVE my Kindle. My little girls love to help me, turn the page, while reading. Cant wait to try out some kids books, too.
While I like the Kindle in some situations, I have to say I managed to hold, rock and feed my kids just fine reading an actual book. I waited for them through sports practices and other activities with a book in hand or in my purse.  The Kindle is a nice invention but I  think the whole omission of books entirely has gotten out of hand. Are we suddenly incapable of turning a page but only dexterous enough to keep clicking an electronic tab? Its nice to have access to many books but I personally read only one at a time. I cant think of anywhere I cant bring along either my Kindle or a book. 
Running on the treadmill goes by so much faster when I am reading my Kindle!
I agree, though sometimes she wakes up and asks me if I want to go antiquing tomorrow.
This also works if your 20 lb. cat insists on lap time!  I can still read my mysteries!
I read so much now i need some new authors any suggestions I love Terri black stock Jodi picoult dannielle steel Sandra brown Karen kings bury any ideas
And she couldnt hold a paper book? Huh?!
I too have fibromyalgia as well as osteoarthritis in my hands.  It had literally gotten too painful to handle a book - since I got my kindle for christmas, Im able to finally do some reading.  I love my kindle!
That is sweet. Now, I want a baby to go with my Kindle.
My left arm is messed up from an accident (I am left handed). I practically had to give up reading which always has been my favorite pastime. Holding any book, keeping the pages opened hurt my arm really bad, it would ache and burn all the way up to my shoulder. Then one day I bought myself a Kindle and reading is no longer a pain. No more book to have to keep open, I dont even have to hold it. Yes, it is much different than holding onto a paperback
Loving the text to speech program reading books fast
Love my kindle too & have the free kindle app on iPhone. Just have to sync whichever you go on & it updates to where you left off. 
KINDLE ROCKS THE CRADLE!!
No bookstore is open in the middle of the night, or has free books, or reviews 24/7! I will bet that some of u folks still use carbon paper:) Its 2011 get with the times.
When I am on a crowded San Diego trolley I can hold on with one hand and hold on to my Kindle with the other and read!
when I was a teen, I read everyday.  Then raising a family I quit reading.  Now I have a Kindle and I am beginning to read a lot more. I really like having the ebooks better than paper books to have to find a place to store them.
I luvvvvvv my Kindle, that things stays in my purse cause I never know when Ill gt a chance to read.  Best gift my sons ever gave me.
I think the people saying holding a paper book is just as easy as holding a kindle WHILE HOLDING A FUSSY BABY have not tried it both ways. My son will only nap on me and the Kindle makes it SOOO much easier. You can do it w/1 hand....not so easy w/ a thick book (especially turning pages). That is my FAVORITE part of owning a kindle bc my son is in my arms 24/7!!!
My son suggested that I download the Bible on my Kindle, I love it!!
My Kindle (which I got last Xmas) just went to Prague with me! It helps pass the time in the long airplane ride!
I got mine for valentines day..i love propping kindle @scott snider up against his back when we are in bed..easy page turning when we are spooning! Lol
When I am on my treadmill and cant hear TV because I am deaf, I can read my Kindle because I dont have turn hold a book and turn pages.  Makes the 30 minutes fly by.
I did the same thing yesterday!! could never do that with a book.
Wish I had my kindle when my children were babies!
My little one is the same way. Thats why I love my kindle : )
Who cares about a short power outage..I have my Kindle book light to show me the way in the dark......
When my son was a tiny baby (long time ago....hes 30) and would have the occasional late night fussy spell, I would bundle him in a cozy blanket and rock him and read to him what ever book I happened to be reading at the time.  The warmth and sound of the reading would always calm him down.  As a result, hes always been a book lover.   A Kindle can only make reading to or with an infant much easier......Read to your children........its sooooo important.....
I sit with my grandson after tucking him in and enjoy the quiet and my kindle!
I find my eyes hurt after looking at the kindle screen for very long. I bought the official kindle light and it reflects off it. I cant imagine anyone being so ill prepared that they require an electronic "book" to have reading material available and would be last minute trying to find an open bookstore in the middle of the night. I donate my books as I read them to the library and less fortunate people who would like to read and are not able to purchase the kindle or the e-books to load onto it. I had no trouble raising kids without a kindle. Whatever enhancements it can add to the experience do not negate books entirely. A child would rather page through a colorful book and enjoy going back and forth to favorite pictures than a one page colorless screen. It may be 2011 but that doesnt make kindle available to or right for everyone. 
I do exactly the same thing... or play Every Word"
Its the bomb at the gym-easy to keep in place on a treadmill or elliptical-no more trying to prop it open with a towel!  Its also so easy to turn pages.  Recently I had an actual book while on a treadmill and found myself just touching the corner of a page and wondering why it didnt work--no wait this was a book with paper pages, I actually had to turn the page, not just touch one corner.
Here is my love declaration of the day : smoooooch my Kindle, you are the BEST !
My big issue is the grade of plastic used....it cracks without being forced in any way. Love Amazon for the gift vouchers and replacement though!
You could also read a book. Dont get me wrong, I love my Kindle.
Debbie no one forces you or others to purchase a kindle. I bought a $12 clip on light and it works fine. No reader wants to do away with books that are paper KINDLE offers another CHOICE.
do that all the time
Haha! I loved reading through these comments! I think what everyone is getting at - is that the Kindle shouldnt replace hard copy books entirely - it just provides a level of useflness that outdoes hard-copy books, hands down! Jogging on the treadmill, holding a baby, at the beach/in the water with a protective case, and then all the places and situations you could still read a regular book, but instead, youve got your WHOLE library, in 10oz and in one hand. Oh, not to mention you can bookmark, highlight, add notes, and you have a BUILT IN dictionary -- and you dont have to defile your book like you would your hard copy to put notes and highlights in. Hands down, the Kindle is better. How can anyone say it isnt better, when I can take my entire library, including my personal documents converted for free using my Kindle email/conversion process, everywhere I go - with a 3 week battery. I challenge anyone to carry your whole library with you for 3 weeks. Hehehehe!
Trying hard to save to get one!
One of the best things I have ever bought,dont know how I managed without it
Why read a kindle forum/ fb page if you dont like or dont want a kindle?? Yes there r pros and cons for paper books and e books, but this is the KINDLE facebook site - if ur against kindle/ e book readers why r u bothering with this site?? Is it me??! 
My oldest granddaughter saw a new paperback I just bought and asked "what is this? I thought you only read your Kindle." I laughed and told her it depended on price and which I could get cheaper. 
One of the better investments I made for myself. Plus I got to read my Nieces book, Wind In The Grasses Dancing.  Check it out. Very afordable ! By Terrie McClay !!!!
I read to my husband every night from my kindle 2.  Its great, we get to enjoy books together, we talk about it during the day plus I have the app on my DROID so I just keep it updated and when were stuck at a Dr. Appt. I can quietly read to him.  Its good for both of our brains plus its like we have our own private book club!
I am there
@Debbie: Id say the ease of managing kids & books at the same time  depends on what sorts of books youre trying to read. Slim novels would be easy enough to manage, but I suspect itd be tougher with a giant, pointy-cornered hardback. One of the things I love about the Kindle is that I can be confident it will fit in my purse, no matter what the physical dimensions would be of the books Im reading.
I love my Kindle beyond words!  The only thing that would make it better would be letting us change the screensaver!  Honestly, some of the pics are downright creepy.
My Kindle goes to the Dr.s office(when we have to wait long periods of time), on road trips, to conferences, everywhere I go except work (I am so addicted I would not get much work done). It is lightweight and I can read it in brightest sun or by lamplight.
I received my Kindle as a gift from my husband. At first, I felt a little awkward, but it is one of the best gifts I have ever received. I love my Kindle.
 I received my Kindle as a gift and appreciate the thought. I have a large collection of books in my home, have always been an avid reader, and enjoy sharing and trading them. Its less expensive. The Kindle is good for travel or other situations where it may be easier than carrying a book. Im glad to see people actually discussing and  sharing their ideas. Yes its the kindle site but Im not an amazon rep restricted to advertising the product and avoiding discussion of its pros and cons.  It has many good points but theres room for improvement. This is a good place to voice concerns and suggestions from which other readers may benefit.  For me, reading for too long off the kindle gives me a headache and  the $12 clip on light mentioned by somebody causes glare on my screen and eyestrain  despite angle adjustments. The effects are similar to  staring at a computer screen at length. If anyone has suggestions on how to correct this, this forum is the place to do it.  My eye doctor told me to limit or quit using the kindle and she said she hears the same complaint from patients often. Perhaps there is another alternative. 
I got the first generation Kindle and loved and bought three more for the family. I just upgraded to the new Kindle WOW! Im never without it.
I have a problem with my kindle.  The top third of the screen is distorted and I cant read anything on the top third.  What happended?
I laughed when a friend said what she like most about her Kindle - "I  can sit at the kitchen table, read a book and pick up my coffee cup with the other hand.  All at the same time!"
love my kindle can take it anywhere. its light weight and very convenit
Love my Kindle...it goes everywhere
Wow!  I wish I could of posted a picture of my daughter and myself reading our kindles on a Mexico beach.  We were there for 10 days and I finished 3 books.   Glad I didnt have to pack those books with me!  The best part is when reading a series I can go online to the authors website and find out which book is next.  I still have a collection of books but I love my kindle:)
There should be a slot for a Kindle right in front of the TV set so maybe that darn machine would be intimidated into giving us something we really want to see!
My husband gave me one for Christmas and I absolutely LOVE it! He got me the 3G wiFi one.
Hmmm, cant hold a paperback as well ?
Lois, its time to call Kindle customer service - 866-321-8851.  If youre still under warranty theyll probably replace it even if you dropped it - if not they might offer you $75 towards a new Kindle.
I only had the Kindle since first of July and it has enabled me to read most of the historical books of the founders of this country for little or no cost. Kindle is a wonderful and bright new medium.
Everyone knows that I have been a Kindle fan for ages.  I should be on the payroll, since Ive convinced dozens of my friends to buy their ereaders.  When we are traveling out of the country, its great to have tons of books on my Kindle.
I was soooo sitting in Starbucks this morning with a nursing/sleeping baby girl in my lap while reading my new novel on my Kindle. Love it!
My Kindle makes using the treadmill bearable!
going on the tredmill or bike really is great when I read on my kindle. I change the font to accomodate the distance and I go for nearly an hour without realizing it. Thank you kindle!
Well done on the new updates .... i like them a lot
The same is true when your cat wants some petting and you want to do a little reading.
They r great for moms w/ toddlers that get jealous + crinkle +rip pages out of PAPER books..+ for moms w/o sitters, it saves a trip to the bookstore w/ a tornado!
Not to mention the space it saves in small homes.
Oh good to know. Thanks!
man, is there anything kindle CANT do?
I LOVE that feature. Just wish it did better going online to facebook. Just impossible!
I LUV my Kindle....thank u Tara!!!!!!!
I LOVE that about my Kindle, now I dont have to stop and find the word in the dictionary!
I love my Kindle.  ;)
This is one of my favorite features and I use it all the time!
i love this feature!  I also use it to see if Im right when "guessing" the definition of a word.  Very cool!
I love this feature!!!!!!!!!Got my Kindle for Christmas and it was the best gift ever!!!!!
I love my Kindle too! :)
It really comes in handy!!!!
How ironic! I was just using that today! 
Absolutely love my kindle. Wish I would of bought it sooner. But I waited and got the latest version. Those who love to read need to get one if they do not have one.
nope, the kindle is great, now if i could just stay awake longer to read more.....love my kindle, best birthday present i ever bought myself
Ive gotten so used to this feature that I instinctively search for it when reading a normal printed book. And then I think "Aww shoot".
Best purchase I ever made:)
another reason to get a kindle it seems.
Thanks for the Tip!!  That sure is going to help!!  BTW I love my Kindle!
YAYA no more having to stop reading and look it up in the diction on the kindle. Nice to know
Thanks for the tip, I just got my Kindle today...
Best gift my husband bought this christmas!!! I LOVE IT
I use the dictionary quite a bit. Dont know who uses some of these words. Love my kindle!!!
I luv the Kindle, but the reality of the dictionary is that when it is really needed it is useless. A native English speaker should need it for the most esoteric words, and they are the very ones about which the dictionary stays mum.
that tip does not work well with other languages btw. I installed a French dictionnary, but as soon as a word is plural, or feminine, instead of the standard entry in the dictionary, it no longer works. Very disappointing.
If only.the kindle was back lit!
I luv the Kindle, but the reality of the dictionary is that when it is really needed it is useless. A native English speaker should need it for the most esoteric words, and they are the very ones about which the dictionary stays mum.
that tip does not work well with other languages btw. I installed a French dictionnary, but as soon as a word is plural, or feminine, instead of the standard entry in the dictionary, it no longer works. Very disappointing.
If only.the kindle was back lit!
I havent used that feature much, but its nice to have when I do need it.  LOVE LOVE LOVE my Kindle, and my family who gave it to me for Christmas, thanks again, you guys are the BEST ever!
SUGGESTION TO KINDLE - Id love to have a translation option. I have a series of novels that Im reading in English but the setting is Italy. They throw in Italian words and I find that I have to look up some of them. It would be handle if I could scroll to the word and get a translation like I do a definition.
This is one of my favorite things about the kindle...I love the dictionary function!
Waiting impatiently to receive mine!!
Love my Kindle.  Got it for Christmas!  Thanks for the tip!
Love this feature 
I <3 that feature!!!
I LOVE MY KINDLE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Love my Kindle!!!!!!
When kindle first came out. I thought I would never buy one because I liked holding a book. I love my kindle so does my hubby. When he is using it, I read on my phone.
thats great.. I enjoy my kindle... its in the black cover with the light..(which works great.)  It was a birthday gift..
I was reading a real book the other day & kept finding myself trying to highlight the word to look it up.....lol!
I love that feature.
Just tried it. Thanks for the tip. 
Customer Tip: Kindle TOUCH. While reading, you can see the definition of a word by TOUCHING it. If the word is in the dictionary, the definition will appear at the bottom of your screen. See how much easier those instructions are?
I also change the default dictionary depending upon the book I am reading. The English dictionary for classic novels by Dickens or Doyle. American for contemporary novels by American writers.
any way to use this feature on the Kindle for Android Ap?
Just got my second kindle, love the smaller size. Same 3G capabilities and my books transferred effortlessly
My Kindle is definitely the CATS MEOW <3
best Christmas present I ever got!  I love my Kindle and thanks for the tips!
love this feature.  didnt realize how many words I just "tried" to define myself.
one of the best gifts I have ever received, I love mine so much, we gave one to each son, <3
Dearly luv my K......had it for years now!!!
I love this on my ipad/iphone/computer kindle.  I would not usually take the time to look up a word, Id just assume a meaning by what was around it and go on.  Now, its so easy to tap it, and see the definition.  Love it!
This is the one Kindle feature with the biggest gap between how cool it seems it would be (eh, it might be nice), and how cool it really turns out to be once you get used to using it (omg, how did I live without this).
Kat,  while a touchscreen would be awesome, when you have a touchscreen its just one more thing to get scratched up and after awhile they do not work as well.
I enjoy the dictionary feature so much that I missed it when I was reading a "book".  I had to have the Kindle near me just to look up words I wasnt sure of.
The dictionary lookup feature is so helpful!  Pretty sure I used that feature just today.  :)  I use my Kindle every single day and I am so glad I have it!
Trust me...i use this all the time!
This is one of my favorite features!!!
Thanks! I didnt k now that! I love these wonderful hints you all post.  Keep them coming!
weirdly, I cannot get this feature to work if the word in question is the first one on the left hand margin side of the page.
...ours has been freezing up...???
Love my Kindle!
Totally love my Kindle and the dictionary feature
When Im reading a physical book, there is often an embarrassing moment as I realize (after my thumb has already shifted on the page) that Im not reading my Kindle, and therefore cannot use the built-in dictionary.
Love this feature
I LOVE MY KINDLE !
This feature is the number one feature which has spoiled me. I seriously miss it when I read a paper book.
I love my Kindle
whoa!
My. Favorite. Feature. Ever.  I was reading a paperback (actual paper) last month and actually tried to move the nonexistent cursor to a word I wanted the definition of.  LOL!
One of my favorite features!
well, that would not be an option on the very first Kindle, huh?
Every day I am discovering things about my Kindle!  Love it!
One of my favorite features!!
I still try to turn a page as In paperback, best thing Ive got, love it !!
I love this feature.  I dont know how many times I wanted to know what a word meant but wouldnt get up to look it up in the dictionary.
@rick what edition.  The older ones when they do that need to get rid of if newer contact amazon they will replace!!! Im buying my second one thats what 1st edition did wearing out. I read every day!!!! Use a lot.  But thats what amazon told me.
I use this feature often!!
I love this feature-I can read more technical books or special interest type and be able to understand the vocabulary.  This would be a great tool in a classroom if every student had one.  we can only dream of it happening!
Love all the little tips that are given  :o)
Love my Kindle and what it can do!Love the text to speech especially when on the treadmill!!
I love this feature.
love love the dictionary
I must say I do love this feature, if you are a Dean Koontz fan it is very necessary!
I use both dictionaries..if definition is not in the standard, then I switch to the Oxford. Also, use my Kindle to look up word definitions when reading paper books.
I never really thought I would use that feature very much, but I use it all the time and I love it!
We love the Kindle!!!
Can u do this with the kindle app on galaxy tab?
My Kindle makes me feel smart.  I am forever looking using the built in dictionary.  Every time I stumble across an unknown word, I have to find out the meaning.  Love my Kindle -
Thats just one of the many things I like about the Kindle. Im loving mine.
adoro mi kindle es mi nuevo juguete jajajaja
@ Rick, mine kept freezing up and I turn mine off or put it to sleep each time I need to put it down.  I also make sure it is fully charged each day.  I know I probably need to send it in but I dont want to give it up to do  so. :)
Am not able to change my fonts for some reason.  Cant get to that option, anyone have a clue why that would be?
I wish I could manage all my books on the Amazon site instead of having to remove each book one by one!
I love this feature too! I was always taught to read a book with a dictionary! Now, its built right into the book! Life is good!  :)
I love this function!!
This feature is so useful... I am so fond of it that sometimes, while reading a physical book or brochure I try to use it then miss it and wish it was there...
@Melody are you reading a PDF file?
On the iPhone you just touch and hold your finger on the word and the def pops up, Im guessing it would be the same on the android.
This is one of my favorite features about Kindle!
Love my Kindle!  Now Im never without a book!
I love this feature!!!
Like this feature n LOVE my kindle
I love being able to have my whole library in my 6" Kindle space and having it with me all the time! along with Google, Wikipedia, Bibles and notes and my shopping list!
but it does not work for foreign words. example French, so it is not that great a help.............
I Love my kindle!!  My favorite x-mas gift ever!
Love this feature!
this feature makes me a better reader-understanding what authors are trying to say ive learned so many new words & its meanings
i still think i should get one for being named kindel frist since i get nothing but jokes about it im just saying everywhere i go the second i get introduced to someone its "hi my name is kindel" its a for sure thing i hear some comment about the amazon kindle so just for the jokes alone i should get one of my own and since i will never be able to afford one i could now say see i have one :) plus they are way cool opened to door for stuff like the i pad and i phone
Love the feature.  Love, love my Kindle.
I love this feature and so love my kindle=makes life Good!!
This is the best gift Ive ever received from my children.........thanks kids.............
The Kindle is the best!!!!!!!!!
Another thing to love about my Kindle!!!
This is my favorite part of my Kindle!!!!
try the pandigital realy cool device for reading andmuch more, nice size, shape, features, price
Thanks for the useful tip and explanation. Please keep posting them here.  Kindles are chockablock with great features.  Its nice to find them, be reminded, learn more about what a Kindle can do.
I also love the dictionary feature. I used to just skip over words I really didnt know. Not anymore!!  It is great. 
Thanks for the tip.. Navigating to the precise word with the 5 way key is a pain... I wish I can type it in a the meaning just gets displayed!
@Karen, yes you can do in on the original Kindles. You have to scroll the wheel up to the row where the word you want defined is, then push the scroll button. It will show you the definition for all the words on that row. 
The Kindle is worth it JUST for the dictionary. Unlike other readers you can access the dictionary on its own. And it is a pretty darn good dictionary too!
LOVE my kindle.  <3
It is a great.
great feature, will use often
Love the tips!! More!!
Great feature as Im reading A Tale Of Two Citites
Thanks for this tip!!!  Did not know that!!!
I  downloaded the Bible on my Kindle, at the suggestion of my son.  Now I have one less thing to carry.
Learn something everyday
Love mine too!!
I bought my first Kindle as a gift for my husband but he wouldnt use it!!! I started using it & loved it!!! He Finally decided to use it & I couldnt give it up SOO I had to buy another ONE. This past summer my son was home from college & he started using MY Kindle SOOO Now I have to but another one!!!! We love our Kindles in this family!!! 
Love Kindle tips!!
and this is one of the reason I buy a Kindle for all the young ones in my family.  My 9 yo grandson will be surprised to see his with the nice blue lighted cover that arrived today!
OMG, I wish I would have known about this sooner! BUT, this is the coolest thing everrrrrr!!!
It comes in SO handy!!
What an awesome feature. If I ever get one, I will use that for sure. Hubby teased me last night by acting like he was going to buy one for me & then changed his mind :-(
stupid Kindle people - I send PDF documents to be converted today & they didnt convert them & then charged me!!!  Have an email into them now...I already have the PDF format on my Kindle  I need a Kindle format!  I even put CONVERT in CAPS in the subject line & body of my emails - how much clearer do I need to be - it said CONVER to KINDLE format....grr...grr....NOT HAPPY!   NOT HAPPY at all...!!!
I too, LOVE my Kindle!
뭥미??
I love this feature!
I love this feature. I use it all of the time.  I read a tree book last week I finally got that I had on hold from the local library for several months.  I kept trying to find my 5-way and look up words and the book was so darn heavy and inconvenient.  I was one of those that thought I couldnt get used to the idea of an e-reader because I like the smell and feel of real books.  Now I wouldnt do without my Kindle.
Sometimes the definition is at the top of the screen. Depends on where the word being defined is located on the page.
Very handy.  Use it all the time.
@Barbara Evans, send the email to NAME@free.kindle.com instead of NAME@kindle.com to not be charged. I know theres some way to get Amazon to convert PDFs instead of just send them, but I cant seem to find it. I always use a software program called Calibre when I need to convert documents.
As someone who LOVES to read but has a lacking vocabulary, I LOVE the built in dictionary. It really helped me get over one of my two major reading hurdles. Now if somehow the Kindle can make me read faster, Ill be all set :P
Another reason I love my Kindle.
I still havent been able to archive my books when finished reading.  Any suggestions, Kindle users?
Oh yea I love my kindle and my IPhone kindle like one person said: Im Never without a book. JJ
I found this feature to be so helpful while reading Georgette Heyer books... there are so many archaic phrases, etc..  Yay, Kindle!!Although I find if I go to a 2nd page of a definition, I cant find my way back to my book and have to close it and open it again. Duh.
This is a great feature
This is a great feature
Ann- for archiving I made a collection and called it "Read". That way I keep track of books and know where Im up to, especially when reading a series. Or you could just delete it from your Kindle and it will be archived on your Amazon account for retrieval at a later date should you so wish. 
I use the dictionary feature all the time and love it EXCEPT when a word is spelled WRONG due to a typo :)
I use the dictionary feature all the time and love it EXCEPT when a word is spelled WRONG due to a typo :)
page numbers are nice, also!
I love the built-in dictionary, especially reading books by Lincoln Childs and Douglas Preston.
I love the instant gratification of looking up words on my Kindle!  It is one of my top five favorite features.  I recently read a real book-- after keeping constant company with my Kindle since Christmas.  The thing I missed most about going back to a real book was the lack of instant definitions.  I tried keeping my Kindle next to me as I read, looking up words as needed, but somehowthis method lacks the finesse Kindle-reading!
All.  I gotta say is this is the best dang thing ever invented!
Any chance to add a foreign dictionary?  Im reading "A Child al Confino" by Eric Lamet.  A wonderful book, but there are snippets of dialog in Italian and German/Yiddish.  Please consider expanding the dictionary options.
Im in love with my Kindle!!!
I bought the latest Tom Clancy in hardback form because Ive always collected his books. Havent finished it yet cause it is too heavy to hold. Im truly spoiled by my Kindle. Probably need to offer the hardback for sale & re-buy for Kindle. 
So luv my Kindle - one of the best gift ever received - luv all the features!!!
Thanks for the tip, Ive only had my baby 4 days and love it already
I ´ m using it for every 20th word :)
Thanks for the tip, very useful :) 
I really appreciate this being posted so that I can have my Kindle in my hand while looking at how to manage it on fb. It really helped me.
Minor niggle. It doesnt handle hyphenations well - such as sub-rosa. It will define "sub" but then skips "rosa" and goes on to the next word. But I love it all the same.
We love our Kindles here! My husband and two daughters have one!  My husband bought each one of us a new Kindle! I love this new reading experience!
Built-in dictionary support is great but... You need to move cursor to the next world again through all page if popup definition is not enough and you need to jump to full world definition: select word - read popup - not enough - jump to full definition - return to page - current selection disappeared - move cursor from beginning of page to next word etc.Another discomfort: if page contains link to footnote, you need to move cursor to link through all page with accompanying word definitions popup. Too annoying :(Kindle need to have different page navigations for word definitions and links
This is the feature I use the most on my Kindle.  Dont skip a word you dont know.  Read the definition immediately to get more understanding from the passage.
I just keep hitting back button to get back to the page I was reading.
Can someone please tell me if you can read your Kindle in the dark?  Does it have internal lighting like reading on the IPhone does? I looked at the Nook and it does not and I need that feature. 
Diane,All E_Inc books (AFAIR) does not have built-in lighting (or illumitation). You need to buy cover with built-in light or stand-alone light.
I really appreciate the enlarging font size. It makes night reading easier
Thats why I chose Kindle!
Love my Kindle!
Thanks for the tip. I will be using this one!!
So much easier than the way I was doing it.
I think posting these little hints is a great idea.  I know there must be things that I am able to do but have never noticed or figured out.
Thanks Kindle -- I love  you!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
And I love that feature...use it all the time, well, I should say frequently.
I use this feature all the time.  Not sure it will help me learn, but it is nice to know what the word means in the moment.
If Kindle could reach out and taser those bothering me while I read, that will be a good app.
I too love this feature. Keep trying to find the dictionary toggle on my morning news paper, sadly it doesnt seem to have one.
I LOVE that feature!
Ann light,  when you finish reading book remove book from device,it will automatically be archived when you remove the book
Didnt know that thanks.
One of my favourite features :-)
I have cetatinly found the text enlarging useful as i have cataracts forming so the larger print makes reading easier.  I truely love my Kindlexxx
Easily my fav feature among many. Kindle simply rocks
I love the dictionary.  I have been using it for almost 2 years.  Its great when reading Twain or Swedish books.
Thanks for the info on archiving--Diane: re reading the Kindle in the dark: there is a cover that is lighted which you can purchase from amazon.
love these reminder tips!!!!!   keep them coming!
I love the dictionary feature!
I use an inexpensive led light that straps onto me head with an elastic band, and runs on AA batteries. The light can be used for other things too, not just to light up me Kindle.
Luv my Kindle !!!!
Please make a Ukrainian dictionary!
^ Spam.
could help them learn to read, wouldnt that be cool.
wow that was rude!! 
Does Amazon have a program to donate Kindles to developing countries?
i think thats the point... so they can learn to read...
AMAZON - you need to get the junk off from here.  I know not to click on these links, but others might not.  Bunch of idiots.  As for India - they have most of our businesses now - not in favor of sending them anything.  Sorry!
Report PROFILE VIEWS TRACKER as spam so we dont have to put up with this all the time!
A great article........a great idea.......somebody should be sending Kindles to the poverty stricken regions of the globe. I love it!
Great story.  And he has a point.
lets make them solar powered first
Andrea, that was my point too, lol.  Im sure the purpose is to help people read, if they were only donated to people who already know how to read then lets donate them to everyone.
i think sending the developing world kindles would be an awesome idea!! it could help them learn to read, there are dictionaries on it to help, and they could communicate with people all over the world with facebook (i am posting this from my kindle 3) :D
Oh a solar powered Kindle would be great!!  Not only for developing countries but for our own too!!  Can you imagine not having to worry about losing the charger cable ever again???
I too just returned from India - Southern India and the children were fascinated by the Kindle! A very poor country, where the people work harder than I have ever seen people work. While I love my kindle and think they to would love and enjoy one - they couldnt afford the cost of books or internet. The average salary is 5US dollars a day.
It would also be great it the average US citizen could afford them. Kindles are awesome, but I work 2 jobs and I cant afford one!
Send my son a Kindle and load his school books on it to relieve his frame of carrying home 20 pounds of books and binder daily.
Seriously Margaret? Do we just assume now that anyone in the ghettos of the world a.k.a "developing countries" cant read? As if your capitalized sentence didnt ooze sarcasm. How could you think that wasnt rude?
While there are issues to work out (power, etc.), this was a very well written essay and I commend the writer for it.  Capturing the essence of a powerful experience is what world travel is all about.
@Karen God forbid your son should have to exorcise a bit. They want to give Kindles do people who have NOTHING and youre complaining about your son you want to be obese.
Id like to buy the world a Coke...and a Kindle. :)
Unfortunately I agree with Karen on the overly heavy schoolbooks comment, however they make Kindle formats of many textbooks now, so hopefully that will alleviate that stress soon.  As for sending Kindles to the modernizing world I believe it would be a great idea in theory and probably a horrible idea in practice.  I also believe there are greater concerns in those countries that we need to tackle first before sending them Kindles.
@ C.j.:  Because that is what I do professionally...working for programs that teach illiterate adults here and abroad.  And in the developing countries, most of the adults are functionally illiterate--not their fault.  The capitalized sentence wasnt to "ooze sarcasm" at the people, but at the idea we can send technology and it will all magically be better.  Trust me on this:  learning to read as an adult is hard work, and only happens with lots of work by the teachers/tutors and the students.
I think its interesting that there are so many that assume people in developing countries go not read. Did anyone read the post, one of the kids was more excited about reading off the kindle then playing around with it. What I took is that the kindle has the potential to renew the interest of the reader and create some excitement that for now a traditional book is lacking.
@ John Tapley carrying books around causing back issues has nothing to do with exercise. If doing so made kids less fat, then why would there be fat youths still? Get over yourself. Textbooks on kindles would be great. Not so great for irresponsible kids (which is nearly all of them)
Get a better back pack and quit whining about the fact that SCHOOL KIDS have to carry BOOKS.
@ John Tapley carrying books around causing back issues has nothing to do with exercise. If doing so made kids less fat, then why would there be fat youths still? Get over yourself. Textbooks on kindles would be great. Not so great for irresponsible kids (which is nearly all of them)
Get a better back pack and quit whining about the fact that SCHOOL KIDS have to carry BOOKS.
What a delightful and joyful article! I was in a very smart restaurant in Goa about 2 months ago reading my Kindle - the guy at the next table got out his iPad for nothing seemingly more than a bit of showing off. The waiters were fascinated by the Kindle and all wanted to play with it. They ignored the iPad.
What a brilliant article and idea!   I love my Kindle and learn something new every day I read it!  The dictionary would be so helpful and the text to speech would help in learning to read!  BRILLIANT
God, what a great idea! With the need for books being so profound in the developing world, Kindles could be the answer!
This would certainly benefit Amazon. LolBut really, it would be an inexpensive way to spread the wisdom of books.
AGREE, AGREE, Agree if I could like this post a million times I would. Teach a man to fish! Not sell crap on Ebay. :-)
One of my sons has dyslexia. I would read books required for high school English into a tape recorder and he would listen to them. A Kindle would have saved so much time. What a blessing technology is! This is an amazing tool for dyslexics.
Not just developing countries. 25% of the American population is functionally illiterate. We have highschool graduates who can not read their diplomas. Does it get worse than that?
Id rather send comdoms.....or the pill
Exactly right, Dragana.
Stop buying textbooks for kids in school. Give them Kindles.
They would benefit from decent medication, food and contraception first before a Kindle
Id like to see kindles donated to low income families and schools in the United States as well. There are children who dont have access to books everywhere!
@Erica pentz: yes! Fantastic idea!
Im going to agree with Margaret on this one. The fact is that reading is a learned skill and there are many countries which havent yet learned it. Its just plain ignorant to think that there ARENT people who dont have this skill. And about the backpacks and textbooks on the kindle, its really an issue of publishers and copyrights and software/hardware issues. A device like (dare I utter it here?) the IPad would be able to handle such a purpose far better. 
Very interesting ... :-)
Wait ....Bri...we can go on fb on the kindle...I need to find a kid for a lesson
AGREE!!!
Ive gotten almost that good of a reaction with my Kindle 1 at my husbands eye specialists office. Someone with very limited vision has their world opened again with the font changing option. I have been a walking advertisement several times personally. Kindle needs to direct advertise to ophthalmologists!
How about sending this USA struggling author a Kindle? My book is available, on it, and I cannot see it.
Its a shame all the negative garbage back and forth just because a decent person wrote an article about his vision to help other people. That was a great article! There is way too much tearing things apart instead of looking at the intent of the article.
need to know how to SHARE books??????
Why give things away? Why not offer it to them at a price they can afford? Giving low income families kindles may sound nice, but how about offering a work for a kindle program where low income teens and adults alike could do things like work in a soup kitchen, help clean up parks, and clean graffiti from public areas for x amount of hours in exchange for a kindle?That way they would have pride in knowing they earned it, and it would prevent most of them from selling it for cash
Create source of income first jackass how do u propose they pay for the books the wanna read when they can hardly afford food.these people are dining from hunger and thirst and u wanna give them a kindle your effing sick if u see kids in rags traveling miles away so they can have drinking water and your first thought is to give them a kindle.
Stop breeding like rabbits hopped up on viagra first then well talk. Most of these countries perpetuate their own poverty.
I bought a Bible for $1.99 We send Bibles to Russian schools  and we cant even pray in schools. CONDOMS....spelling!
solar is not really necessary as there are tools to charge via bicycle, playgrounds, etc. ... books are simple, there are plenty of free books available on the Web via Project Gutenberg, Amazon, etc.
@betsy ... try the free kindle reader for your PC.
I love my Kindle. It has saved me from a few otherwise boring waits, thats for sure!
Love these posts it always brings the right wing weirdos out like a moth to a flame!!!
@ Dave kolan Im embarrassed for you... Perpetuate their own poverty? Dude no comment...
Cant we send them Ipod touches and Kindles both?
thank you, David Cook!
This is actually a great idea. Think of all the rural schools in Africa and elsewhere desperate for books, and think of all the great books available for free on Kindle!
Cool story and a very good idea.
Love it!
Rashean... you are a great example of why people need books."Create source of income first jackass how do u propose they pay for the books the wanna read when they can hardly afford food.these people are dining from hunger and thirst and u wanna give them a kindle your effing sick if u see kids in rags traveling miles away so they can have drinking water and your first thought is to give them a kindle"Create (a) source of income first jackass(.) (H)ow do (yo)u propose they pay for the books (Im assuming you mean "they want to")the wanna read when they can hardly afford food.( T )these people are (dying?)dining from hunger and thirst and (yo)u (want to)wanna give them a kindle(.) (Y)our (f-ing) effing sick if (yo)u see kids in rags traveling miles away so they can have drinking water and your first thought is to give them a kindleAlso, Im sure no one here is suggesting you go find a community that has no food, no running water and no electricity and give them an electronic device. They mean to go to poverty struck areas where children cant afford books, but already have the basics, i.e. (that means for example) food and water and give those children a means to get an education they wouldnt otherwise have.
I would like a kindle sent to me...
might have a point but what revolution would come from reading the classics?
@Judy: loaning books on kindle is available. Go to your amazon account, manage your account, check the books listed and see which ebooks are available to loan not all are. They will be a box by each of the book titles that you will have click on that will read if the ebook can be loaned out. Then just follow the rest.   
I live in Africa! You can send me a Kindle!
Do you have an office in India?
Katie, regarding your correction and comments above, I guess you didnt realize that "your effing sick" should actually be "youre", not just capitalized.  And I believe the phrase is "poverty stricken" not "poverty struck".
Some disgusting comments on this post! "I would rather send condoms or the pill!" uh I think America and the Uk could benefit from those also looking at the single teen pregnancies, but our kids still have access to the kindle! Come on guys....Grow up please! 
BRilliant idea....how much battery life that thing have tho? pair it with a generator so they can charge it!
First like. :D
i <3 my Kindle ^_^
I LOVE MINE
Skvělý stroj... !!!
I still miss that catchy jingle from the original ad.
long live the kindle!
At first i read "Check out our newest Kindle!" lol
Gimme a break - who the hell runs smiling this way with a Kindle?
Decent commercial, i wish i knew why you do these soft sale pitches, the kindle  rocks and deserves better, show people how great the KINDLE is!
I love mine also.
Fist like.and good
same, my kindle is everything to me, im on it more than my ipod or laptop at times.
I LOVE MY KINDLE  :)
Great Kindle
i saw this pop up on facebook, looked up and saw the add come on the TV LOL
Love my Kindle!!
I love my Kindle  my best friend
I love my Kindle, though the publishing industry seems dead set on killing it off with their idiotic pricing schemes.
El mejor regalo tecnológico que he adquirido en el último año...de verdad lo recomiendo a todos mis amigos...
oooh i LOVE my kindle, just wondering do most kindle owners use their Kindle with the leather cover on or not ???  I use it with the cover myself  . . .
LOVE LOVE LOVE my Kindle.
Not a very clever ad. I love my Kindle but this was a bit wet.
Love, love, love my Kindle!!!
I read more with my Kindle than I have in years
Gotta luv the Kindle!!
I read more with my Kindle than I have in years
Gotta luv the Kindle!!
Ive always said that books are my best friend, but I love my kindle much more than that ;-)
Love the commercial cant do without my Kindle.
I use the cover at all times.
While I like this commercial my favorite is the one where they people are by the pool in the sunlight =)
My Kindle was the best thing for my eyes!  I love to read, but often didnt because my eyes would tire so quickly, no longer the case!
Great tag line: The Book Lives On
@Jacek- right! Always use protection!
LOVE IT!! Makes me want another Kindle. :)
Am loving my Kindle so much I should name it.
I love my kindle, and I love the customer support that comes with it. My cats knocked my original one off the dresser, and Amazon gave me a free replacement since they said it was covered under the limited warranty. The replacement was there the next day!
I love my Kindle!
Well been comparing Kindle with Color Nook and well really would like that Color Nook
I love my kindel
Best Invention since sliced bread!:-)
Love my Kindle <3
Welcome to Scranton is now available on the Kindle for only $2.99.Its a wild ride through Scranton.http://www.amazon.com/Welcome-to-Scranton-ebook/dp/B004AYD6LW/ref=tmm_kin_title_0?ie=UTF8&m=AG56TWVU5XWC2&qid=1298310486&sr=1-1
mmm No esto no es un iPad, es un libro; No tampoco es una compu, es un libro; No no tiene juegos, es un libro; Si tiene wi-fi, si tiene conectividad 3g gratis en todo el mundo de por vida, Si se pueden leer los libros que bajas de internet, no no tienes que comprárselos a AMAZON si no quieres. Si, se pueden meter dentro de este libro electrónico miles de libros digitales. Si se pueden leer los .doc .pdf etc convirtiéndolos con una herramienta muy muy simple de usar.
Love my kindle and the leather cover with light is great.
I love my kindle !!!!!!
Now, if the Kindle just had expandable memory...
Just bought mine and am LOVING it !!!
Throw it my purse and go. Have my whole library,some games, docs, and basic web for referencing at my fingure tips for when ever I need it!
Yall should make The Book Lives On: Amazon Kindle T-shirts and give me one for such a great idea =)
Now if only it displayed in color e-ink, and had better integration with e-text books, I could stop buying reference books and using my laptop for course reading.... Just saying. Other than that, I adore my kindle.
I love my kindle. I downloaded all the book club books on it for the year. I take it everywhere. I use it while I am waiting to pick the kids up at school, after practices, doctors offices, ortho appointments. If you want to appeal to Moms throw some of those scenarios in a commercial.
Love my Kindle too! Would be lost without it..
I like my Kindle...I will LOVE my Kindle when they finally allow libraries to check out books to us in the Kindle format.  Come on Amazon lending libraries are a good thing!
I love MINE!!!
Love it
Nice!  I cringed a bit when the people were balancing on fences and leaping around holding their Kindles...Id call that living dangerously!
I love my Kindle too!!!
I heart my kindle!!!
I was reading with it for around 8 hours yesterday and the battery is hardly even drained.  <3 my Kindle!
Love my Kindle3 + the cover with light. Waiting to buy DX when Wi-fi available.
SOOOO much better than your other commercials!  Well done!
I liked it.  Its youth oriented and I think this will further widen its appeal.
I think the point of the commercial is that, even with Borders closing many stores and publishers struggling, THE BOOK LIVES ON...just in a different format. The eBook is the future, whether people like it or not, and the Kindle is the best platform for it, in my opinion.
Kindle 3 is such a great product. I could not be happier with mine! :-)
develop a way to share books!  that is a big drawback.  I love my kindle but hate that I cant share books as easily as I did before.
I love my kindle! =)